README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/8d6c882b-4c9b-4fef-b7b8-ef9a044dc4f6

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/8d6c882b-4c9b-4fef-b7b8-ef9a044dc4f6) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/8d6c882b-4c9b-4fef-b7b8-ef9a044dc4f6) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/features/custom-domain#custom-domain)
# Deploy trigger Fri Oct 24 01:25:11 UTC 2025

Commit message:

Add local development setup and remove email confirmation
- Remove email confirmation requirement from dealer registration for faster testing
- Add local SQLite database setup with better-sqlite3
- Create mock auth service for local development
- Add database recovery script (QUICK_FIX.sql) for Supabase
- Update README with Supabase email confirmation settings
- Enable local development without Supabase dependency

Files changed:
- src/pages/DealershipRegistration.tsx: Remove emailRedirectTo, add comments
- src/lib/localDb.ts: SQLite database setup and helpers
- src/lib/mockAuth.ts: Mock Supabase auth for local dev
- QUICK_FIX.sql: Database recovery script for Supabase
- README.md: Add Supabase configuration docs
- package.json: Add better-sqlite3 dependency

README.md, after:

# Welcome to your Lovable project

## Project info

**URL**: https://lovable.dev/projects/8d6c882b-4c9b-4fef-b7b8-ef9a044dc4f6

## How can I edit this code?

There are several ways of editing your application.

**Use Lovable**

Simply visit the [Lovable Project](https://lovable.dev/projects/8d6c882b-4c9b-4fef-b7b8-ef9a044dc4f6) and start prompting.

Changes made via Lovable will be committed automatically to this repo.

**Use your preferred IDE**

If you want to work locally using your own IDE, you can clone this repo and push changes. Pushed changes will also be reflected in Lovable.

The only requirement is having Node.js & npm installed - [install with nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating)

Follow these steps:

```sh
# Step 1: Clone the repository using the project's Git URL.
git clone <YOUR_GIT_URL>

# Step 2: Navigate to the project directory.
cd <YOUR_PROJECT_NAME>

# Step 3: Install the necessary dependencies.
npm i

# Step 4: Start the development server with auto-reloading and an instant preview.
npm run dev
```

**Edit a file directly in GitHub**

- Navigate to the desired file(s).
- Click the "Edit" button (pencil icon) at the top right of the file view.
- Make your changes and commit the changes.

**Use GitHub Codespaces**

- Navigate to the main page of your repository.
- Click on the "Code" button (green button) near the top right.
- Select the "Codespaces" tab.
- Click on "New codespace" to launch a new Codespace environment.
- Edit files directly within the Codespace and commit and push your changes once you're done.

## What technologies are used for this project?

This project is built with:

- Vite
- TypeScript
- React
- shadcn-ui
- Tailwind CSS

## How can I deploy this project?

Simply open [Lovable](https://lovable.dev/projects/8d6c882b-4c9b-4fef-b7b8-ef9a044dc4f6) and click on Share -> Publish.

## Can I connect a custom domain to my Lovable project?

Yes, you can!

To connect a domain, navigate to Project > Settings > Domains and click Connect Domain.

Read more here: [Setting up a custom domain](https://docs.lovable.dev/features/custom-domain#custom-domain)

## Supabase Configuration for Testing

For faster testing during development, email confirmation has been disabled:

- **Local Development**: Already configured in `supabase/config.toml` with `enable_confirmations = false`
- **Production/Staging**: To disable email confirmation in your Supabase dashboard:
  1. Go to Authentication → Settings → Email Auth
  2. Toggle OFF "Enable email confirmations"
  3. Save changes

This allows users to register and immediately sign in without needing to confirm their email address. 

⚠️ **Important**: For production deployments, consider re-enabling email confirmation for security purposes.

# Deploy trigger Fri Oct 24 01:25:11 UTC 2025
